IMPORTANT: PLEASE READ THIS END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT CAREFULLY.

DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING OR USING THE ACCOMPANYING SOFTWARE CONSTITUTES
ACCEPTANCE OF THIS END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT.

WESTERN DIGITAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND ITS AFFILIATES (COLLECTIVELY, "WESTERN
DIGITAL") IS WILLING TO LICENSE THE SOFTWARE ONLY IF YOU ACCEPT ALL OF THE
TERMS CONTAINED IN THIS END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT (THE "EULA").



1. BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING OR USING THE SOFTWARE OR OTHERWISE EXPRESSING
YOUR AGREEMENT TO THE TERMS CONTAINED IN THIS END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT, YOU
INDIVIDUALLY AND ON BEHALF OF THE ENTITY THAT YOU REPRESENT (COLLECTIVELY,
"LICENSEE") CONSENT TO BE BOUND BY THIS EULA AND THE AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT
OR CANNOT AGREE TO THE TERMS CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT, THEN (A) DO NOT
DOWNLOAD, INSTALL OR USE THE SOFTWARE. RETURN THE SOFTWARE TO WESTERN DIGITAL.



1.1. No Sale.  This EULA governs Licensee's use of and access to the Software
(as defined below) for any Software first placed in use on or after the release
date of this EULA (the "Release Date").  Licensee agrees and acknowledges that
all Software is licensed and not sold, and that all use of "purchase" or "sell"
in connection with any Software shall be deemed to mean "license."  Any term in
Licensee's purchase order or other document purporting to require the sale of
Software instead of the license thereof is hereby rejected by Western Digital
and is not part of the Agreement.



1.2. No Implied Licenses; Licensed Material.  Nothing in this EULA shall be
deemed to provide to Customer any right, title or interest in (i) any product
sold by Western Digital or an authorized reseller of Western Digital (a
"Product"); (ii) any instance of a program, module, feature, function, service,
application, operation or capability of the software Western Digital
intentionally delivers under this EULA; or (iii) any documentation related to
any Software (the "Documentation"), other than the express license rights set
forth in Section 3 hereof.



2. Definitions.  In this EULA, the following capitalized terms shall have the
meaning set forth below:



2.1. "Agreement" shall mean this EULA.

2.2. "Affiliate" of a Party means such Party's parent corporation, an entity
under the control of such Party's parent corporation at any tier or an entity
controlled by such Party at any tier.  For these purposes, "control" shall mean
the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of
the entity, whether through the ownership of more than 50% of the outstanding
voting interests in such entity or otherwise.

2.3. "Party" means either Licensee or Western Digital and "Parties" means both
Licensee and Western Digital.

2.4. "Software" shall mean the wdckit software tool delivered under this EULA.

2.5. "Third Party" means an individual or entity other than Licensee, Western
Digital Technologies, Inc. and Western Digital Technologies, Inc.'s
Affiliates.

2.6. "User" means an individual able to use or gain access to any Software
functionality.



3. License Grant.

3.1. Grant. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Western
Digital hereby grants to Licensee, and Licensee accepts, upon delivery of the
Software, a nonexclusive, nontransferable license to install and use (subject
to the limitations in Sections 3.2 and 3.3) each copy of the Software, in
executable form only, supplied by Western Digital, and to use the accompanying
Documentation, only for Licensee's internal use in Licensee owned data centers
for failure analysis of Western Digital hardware products.  Licensee may make a
reasonable number of copies of the Software for inactive backup and archival
purposes.



3.2. No Right to Sublicense or Assign.  Except to the extent otherwise required
by applicable law or expressly provided for assignment generally in the
Agreement, including without limitation in this EULA, no license provided in
this Section 3 is sublicensable, transferable or assignable by Licensee,
including by operation of law, change of control, merger, purchase or
otherwise, without the prior written consent of Western Digital in each
instance. Other than as expressly permitted by the foregoing, any attempted
sublicense, transfer or assignment by Licensee shall be null and void.



3.3. License Prohibitions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
EULA, Licensee shall not, alone, through a User, an Affiliate or a Third Party
(or allow a User, an Affiliate or a Third Party to):

(a) sell, transfer, license, lease pledge, loan or otherwise make available to
Third Parties any Software;

(b) modify any Software;

(c) reverse compile, reverse assemble, reverse engineer or otherwise translate
all or any portion of any Software;

(d) pledge, rent, lease, share, distribute, sell or create derivative works of
any Software;

(e) use any Software on a time sharing, service bureau, application service
provider (ASP), rental or other similar basis;

(f) make copies of any Software, except as provided for in the license grant
above;

(g) transfer any Software from a Product supplied by Western Digital to any
hardware supplied by a Third Party;

(h) remove, alter or deface (or attempt any of the foregoing) proprietary
notices, labels or marks in any Software;

(i) distribute any copy of any Software to any Third Party, including without
limitation selling any Product with Software in a secondhand market;

(j) use any Embedded Software other than with Products supplied by Western
Digital or an authorized reseller of Western Digital or for more than the
number of Products purchased from Western Digital or an authorized reseller of
Western Digital;

(k) disclose the results of testing or benchmarking of any Software to any
Third Party without the prior written consent of Western Digital;

(l) use any Update or Upgrade beyond those to which Licensee is entitled or
with any Software to which Licensee does not have a valid, current license;

(m) circumvent or disable Western Digital's copyright protection mechanisms or
license management mechanisms;

(n) use the Software in violation of any applicable law or to support any
illegal activity; or

(o) attempt any of the foregoing.

Western Digital expressly reserves the right to seek all available legal and
equitable remedies to prevent any of the foregoing and to recover any lost
profits, damages or costs resulting from any of the foregoing.



3.4. Legal Exception.  Licensee agrees that, to the extent that any applicable
laws (including without limitation national laws implementing EC Directive
91/250 on the Legal Protection of Computer Programs) give Licensee the right to
reverse engineer any Software to make it interoperable without Western
Digital's consent, before Licensee exercises any such rights, Licensee shall
notify Western Digital of such desire and, no later than sixty (60) days
following receipt of such request, Western Digital may decide either: (a) to
perform the work to achieve such interoperability and charge its then-standard
rates for such work to Licensee; or (b) to permit Licensee to reverse engineer
parts of the Software only to the extent necessary to achieve such
interoperability. Only if and after Western Digital at its sole discretion,
partly or completely denies Licensee's request, shall Licensee exercise its
statutory rights.



3.5. Third Party Software.  Portions of the Software may be owned by one or
more Third Parties and licensed to Western Digital. Western Digital and
Licensee intend and agree that Software owned by Third Parties and supplied
hereunder is being sublicensed to Licensee, that such Third Parties retain
ownership of and title to such Software, network and that such Third Parties
may directly enforce Licensee's obligations hereunder to protect their
respective interests in such Software.  The warranty and indemnification
provisions set forth herein shall not apply to Software owned by Third Parties
and supplied hereunder.  The licenses/terms applicable to such Third Party
licenses are set forth in Exhibit A.



3.6. Software Support.  Unless otherwise agreed to as part of the Agreement,
Western Digital does not offer or provide any technical support or other
services under this EULA.



4. Confidentiality.  Subject to any other confidentiality restrictions set
forth in the Agreement, Licensee agrees the Software and Documentation are the
confidential information of Western Digital. Licensee shall maintain the
Software and Documentation in confidence, using the same degree of care it uses
for its own confidential information of a similar nature, which shall be no
less than reasonable and customary efforts in the software industry.



5. Software Warranty.  TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, EXCEPT AS
PROVIDED FOR IN THE AGREEMENT, THE SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION ARE PROVIDED "AS
IS".  WESTERN DIGITAL MAKES NO OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND
SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT WITH RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE AND THE
DOCUMENTATION.  IN ADDITION, WESTERN DIGITAL DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE
SOFTWARE'S OPERATION WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT ALL DEFECTS
WILL BE CORRECTED.



6. Exclusive Remedies and Limitation of Liability.



6.1. Definitions.  For purposes of the exclusive remedies and limitations of
liability set forth in this Section 7, Western Digital shall be deemed to
include its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives,
shareholders, subcontractors, licensors and suppliers; and "damages" shall be
deemed to refer collectively to all injury, damage, loss or expense incurred.



6.2. Maximum Liability.  Except as may otherwise be provided in the Agreement,
Western Digital's maximum aggregate liability arising from or relating to this
EULA or the use of the Software and Products shall not to exceed the total
amount paid by Licensee to Western Digital during the twelve (12) month period
that immediately preceded the event that gave rise to the applicable claim.



6.3. Limitation of Liability.  NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THIS EULA
BUT SUBJECT IN ALL RESPECTS TO THE AGREEMENT, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED
BY LAW, WESTERN DIGITAL SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY,
CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHER INDIRECT DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF
DATA, LOSS OR INTERRUPTION OF USE, LOST PROFITS, SAVINGS OR REVENUES OF ANY
KIND, WHETHER OR NOT WESTERN DIGITAL HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGES.  THIS PROVISION SHALL APPLY EVEN IN THE EVENT OF THE FAILURE OF
AN EXCLUSIVE REMEDY.



7. Term And Termination.



7.1. Term.  The term of this EULA is while any Software is under Licensee's
control or possession, unless terminated earlier (the "License Term").



7.2. Termination.  Western Digital shall have the right to terminate this EULA
(a) upon thirty (30) days' prior written notice to Licensee if Licensee has not
cured any material breach of this EULA by the end of such thirty (30) day
notice period; (b) if Licensee has not paid an invoice to Western Digital
regarding such Software sixty (60) days after such invoice is due, at any time
thereafter upon written notice to Licensee; (c) if the Software is found to
infringe or misappropriate any Third Party's intellectual property or
proprietary rights, or becomes subject to an injunction prohibiting its use, or
Western Digital reasonably believes either of the foregoing conditions is
likely to occur; or (d) as otherwise provided for in the Agreement.  Upon
termination of this EULA for any reason, (i) Licensee shall be responsible for
payment for all purchase orders delivered to Licensee by Western Digital before
the effective date of termination; and (ii) Licensee shall destroy all copies
of the Software under Licensee's control or possession.  Further, the licenses
granted under this EULA for Embedded Software shall automatically terminate
when Licensee's lawful possession of the applicable Product provided hereunder
ceases, unless earlier terminated as provided herein.



7.3. Survival.  The provisions of Sections 1, 2, 3.3, 3.5, 3.6, 4, 5, 6, 7.3,
and 8 of this EULA shall survive any termination in accordance with their
terms, in addition to any accrued obligations.



8. Miscellaneous.



8.1. Choice of Law; Jurisdiction. The Agreement shall be governed by the laws
of the State of California, excluding (a) its conflicts of law rules that would
result in the application of the law of any other jurisdiction; and (b) the
United Nations Convention for the International Sale of Goods.  The federal and
state courts located in San Jose, California shall have exclusive jurisdiction
with respect to any dispute arising under this Agreement.



8.2. Assignment.  Neither Party may assign its rights and obligations hereunder
without the prior written consent of the other Party. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, either Party may assign this EULA to any Affiliate of the other or
to an acquirer (by purchase, merger or otherwise) of all or substantially all
of such Party's business or assets relating to this EULA, provided that (i) the
assignee agrees in writing to be bound by the terms and conditions of this
EULA, (ii) neither the assignor nor assignee are in default hereunder.  Any
attempted assignment other than as permitted shall be null and void.



8.3. Non-Waiver.  No course of dealing or failure of either party to strictly
enforce any term, right or condition of this Agreement shall be construed as a
waiver of such term, right or condition.  In the event of any breach or
threatened breach of Section 3, Licensee agrees that Western Digital will
suffer irreparable damage for which Western Digital will have no adequate
remedy at law.  Accordingly, in addition to any other remedy, Western Digital
shall be entitled to injunctive and other equitable remedies to prevent or
restrain such breach or threatened breach, without the necessity of proving
actual damages or posting any bond.



8.4. Export Regulations. Licensee understands that Western Digital is subject
to regulation by the U.S. government and its agencies, which prohibit export or
diversion of certain technical products and information to certain countries
and individuals. Licensee warrants to Western Digital that Licensee will comply
in all respects with all export and re-export restrictions applicable to the
technology and documentation provided hereunder.



8.5. Restricted Party.  Licensee represents to Western Digital that Licensee is
not a Restricted Party, which shall be deemed to include any person or entity:
(1) located in or a national of Cuba, Iran, Libya, North Korea, Sudan, Syria,
or any other countries that may, from time to time, become subject to U.S.
export controls for anti-terrorism reasons or with which U.S. persons are
generally prohibited from engaging in financial transactions; (2) on the U.S.
Department of Commerce Denied Person's List, Entity List, or Unverified List;
U.S. Department of the Treasury list of Specially Designated Nationals and
Blocked Persons; or U.S. Department of State List of Debarred Parties; (3)
engaged in activities involving nuclear materials or weapons, missile or rocket
technologies, or proliferation of chemical or biological weapons; or (4)
affiliated with or a part of any non-U.S. military organization.  Licensee
shall not sell, resell, loan, disclose, or otherwise transfer any Software,
Product or Documentation to any Restricted Person without prior, express
written authorization from Western Digital and the appropriate U.S. Government
agency.  If Licensee becomes a Restricted Person during the Term, this EULA
shall automatically terminate and Licensee shall immediately cease all use of
the Software.



8.6. United States Government Restricted Rights.  The Software and
Documentation is provided with restricted rights and qualifies as "commercial
items" consisting of "commercial computer software" and "computer software
documentation" as such terms are defined and used at FAR (48 C.F.R.) 2.101 and
FAR 12.212.  Use, duplication, or disclosure by the government is subject to
restrictions as set forth in subparagraph (c)(f)(ii) of the Rights in Technical
Data and Computer Software clause at DFARS 252.227-7013 or subparagraphs (c)
(1) and (2) of the Commercial Computer Software-Restricted Rights at 48 C.F.R.
S:52.227-19, as applicable.  For clarity, this Section 9.6 shall also be
construed to apply to the state or local government counterparts, or the
foreign counterpart specified as the Territory, as applicable.



8.7. Order of Precedence; Entire Agreement. To the extent of any conflict among
this EULA, any additional terms in an agreement signed by Licensee and Western
Digital, any Western Digital "click-accept" agreement, any terms on a purchase
order and Western Digital's terms and conditions of sale, the order of
precedence shall be (a) an agreement signed by Licensee and Western Digital;
(b) this EULA; (c) a "click-accept" agreement, including any agreement
regarding the Features to be included as part of the Software; (d) Western
Digital's terms and conditions of sale; and (e) Western Digital's purchase
order acceptance (collectively, (a)-(e), after applying the order of
precedence, the "Agreement"). The terms and conditions contained in the
Agreement supersede all prior oral or written understandings between the
Parties and shall constitute the entire agreement between the Parties with
respect to the subject matter of the Agreement.  This Agreement shall not be
modified or amended except by a writing signed by Licensee and Western Digital
Technologies, Inc.



8.8. Construction; Severability. The headings used in this Agreement are for
reference purposes only and will not be deemed to limit, expand or in any way
affect the interpretation of any term or provision hereof.  If any provision or
part hereof shall be held to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, then
the meaning of such provision or part hereof shall be construed so as to render
it enforceable to the extent feasible.  If no feasible interpretation would
save such provision or part hereof, it shall be severed herefrom, but without
in any way affecting the remainder of such provision or any other provision
contained herein, all of which shall continue in full force and effect unless
such severance effects such a material change as to render the Agreement
unreasonable.



